The next section we're going to be building is actually going to be the contact section.
So here we're going to have a name and email textarea And over here this would be a button.
So let's go again to the text that are.
Let's go to the next thing.
Now more here and let's find where is actually the end of our last section on here and here.
This was the end of the project or we're all going to say that this would be a contact contact section
we're here and we're going to create this a and contact section and of contact section or here in the
section.
As always we're going to start with a section with a class of contact here then what we would want is
a title.
So we're going to we're going to search for a section title.
So are you going to write section title here and you can see that I I'm going to find a service style.
So we're going to say I'm going to just copy and paste this again here and we're going to go all the
way down to our last section or here.
And I was going to copy and paste this title and they're all going to change some things around so here
I'm going to say this is not going to be services.
This is actually going to be contact here.
So let's say I read or here you can see that I have my compact section now once we're done with a title
then the next one is going to be contact on your center.
So again this is going to be for sundering.
And then once we have any contact center then the next one we're going to have a form.
So here we're going to have a form.
So I'm going to create it for a moment.
We're also going to delay the action because there's not going to be any action now in the form we're
going to start with a comment or form at all here.
So this is going to be our first to put on here and or here we're going to say that this is going to
be form letter.
So it's also going to be a day of off contact or year and two scores better.
All right.
So this is going to be the class we're all going to have an input now the input is actually going to
be taxed more here.
We're going to leave the name and ID and over here.
We're going to have a placeholder and we're going to say name.
And also we would want to create a class.
So we're here we're going to say that this is going to be class contact here and name.
So this is going to be our class for our input on here.
And you can see in the bottom this is going to be on now also still in the header.
I'm going to create another input which is going to be an email reader so we're going to put in put
one here and then we're going to have an e-mail or you know do the same thing.
We're going to have a placeholder on here.
Now this is going to be e-mail.
And also it's new A-Class.
So again for the class we're going to say contact two underscores and this is going to be an e-mail.
So this is how we're going to say this now after we're done or here with this contact letter now outside
this contact letter what I would want is to create a common form text area where text area and or here
we're going to say that in this text area we would want a text there.
So I would say over here and this is going to be text element.
Now for a name of getting a mortgage is going to leave it like the way it is.
Heidi we're also not going to touch it.
The columns and rows are going to leave it like the way it is.
Here again we're going to have placeholder here.
We're going to write.
How can I say.
Help help you know this.
And we're also the one to write a class for the class.
We're going to take on that and two underscores and textarea this is going to be our class text area
here.
Now I'm going to say this on here and we have input email or text area and after we are done with textarea
still within the form we will want to place a button.
So I'm going to go after a textarea and I'm going to say that this is going to be a button or here then
type button.
This is going to be a segment and we're going to be submit.
And then in the bottom we're going to say that there is actually going to be a fun awesome moment.
So before that let's create a class let's say for the class this is going to be contact your two underscores
between you know here in button we would want a span with a class of contact all your contact and two
underscores icon or here and within our economy we would want to actually place like home.
So this is going to be I f s f a and we're going to call this a plane or here now outside this band
but still within the button we're going to say send message here.
So we're going to save it and you can see that this is not what I want to do.
I may save it on here.
Now I can see that I have my name put my email textarea and the message now that we're done with the
amount we're ready to go and start dialing this in masseuses.